# Journal
I really enjoyed *The American Religious Sounds Project*. It was a really interesting variety of "normal" religious sounds (i.e. ones you would expect, like a typical mass) and more interesting areas of religion I didn't even know existed (e.g. the trucker church, other religions I'd never even heard of). Although I'm typically not a very sound-based person (processing info auditorily is really not my strength) this site worked for me. It was an easy way to see some differences and similarities between how religion can be practiced, in contrast to say, reading a text about religious differences that might paint a less vibrant or imaginable picture. 

*Mapping the Scottish Survey of Witchcraft Database* was a cool concept but so many of the people had very little info known about them; occupation and class info was very commonly missing, which I think would have been some of the more interesting pieces of info. I also would have liked to have been able to search by those criteria (e.g. see everyone who was upper class) which I don't think was possible (althought I may have missed this). I just don't think this was necessarily the best layout for what data they had. But, if I knew more about Scottish witchcraft maybe I would see why location was so important in the absense of a lot of other information. 

**My own work**

Compared to the religious sounds, the sonification I did didn't seem as engaging to me. But that's probably because many of the religious sounds were meant to be actual music, whereas the sonification sounded quite wonky and you really have to listen hard to get the info you're meant to get from it (despite my efforts to make it as easy as possible to understand). With the music and other religious sounds, you just had to experience for what they were without drawing deeper conclusions from them (although I'm sure you could do that as well, if you thought harder about them, and ask yourself things about what certain religions value, why the sound clips demonstrated different moods, etc.). 

I showed someone my Leaflet maps and it took her a moment to understand the point of them. I think obviously if they were being used on a website they would need some description and context. I think it would be useful if I could add labels or instructions to the layers, e.g. "Pick a map format" and "Pick a historical map to layer on top of the modern one". If I had time I think I would try and layer even more Ottawa insurance maps, since it would be cool to see how they all got put together. 
